# Muhammad Ibrahim

**158 Southview Crescent, Winnipeg, Manitoba · 204-290-9531 · ibrahi30@myumanitoba.ca · https://github.com/mibrah463**


## Education

**Bachelor of Science, Computer Science Major (Co-op)** - (2020 – Present)

University of Manitoba

Awarded the entrance scholarship and Dean's Honour List for Fall 2020

**High School Diploma,** Fort Richmond Collegiate - (Graduated in 2020)

## Technical Skills

- Programming languages - Java, Python, C, C++, C#, SQL, JavaScript, Git
- Exposure in - HTML, CSS, R/RStudio
- Other Tools - GitHub, Unity Engine with C#, VSCode, Microsoft SQL Server, Vim, Eclipse, Linux

## Personal Projects

### Headset Browser – Python, JSON (Beginning of 2022)

Developed an aggregator desktop application that retrieves information about headsets from different retailers and displays it in a table that can be sorted by price or ratings. Stores products in a non-relational database.

### YouTube To Spotify – Python, OAuth, APIs (Fall of 2021)

Created a CLI program that makes requests from both YouTube and Spotify APIs as well as performing Open Authorization (OAuth) to transfer songs from the user's YouTube account to their Spotify account.

### Sudoku Solver– Python, Tkinter (Beginning of 2021)

Built a desktop application with a GUI in Python that solves dynamically sized sudoku puzzles given by the user. Uses a backtracking algorithm and is successfully tested thoroughly against the most difficult puzzles.

## Work Experience

**Kitchen Team Member,**  **Trans Canada Brewing Company** (July 2021 – Present)

- Worked with a team to prepare for orders, maintain equipment, and check stock on a regular basis to provide customers with high-quality food.
- When short-staffed, served food to customers and performed deliveries

**Peer Tutor,**  **Fort Richmond Collegiate** (October 2019 – March 2020)

- Tutored high school students in various topics such as functional and recursive programming, object-orientation, as well as introduced them to post-secondary topics.

## Involvements

- Current member of the .DevClub and participated in various workshops
- Volunteered over 40 hours at many events in different cities including: marathons, street sports, festivals, etc
- Arranged many events as a member of the student council in high school, Fort Richmond Collegiate (2019-2020). Events included: movie nights, grad dances, game nights

## Interests

- Love to play guitar and work with audio production
- Car enthusiast
- Enjoy watching NBA and playing basketball
- Game development, as well as drawing pixel art for the same purpose or for recreation
